The Joe Rogan experience.
A big, uh, step forward, a big improvement was the hypnosis.
The whole process of hypnosis is a sort of a deep
relaxation at the same time. You're confronting this,
these memories that helped a lot.
The problem that people have have with some hypnosis sessions is that you can be
led into false memories.
True. And I think that does happen. I think, you know, having been at many,
many, uh, UFO gatherings,
I think some people are mistaken about their experience. Um,
I believe, and this is just my personal opinion on down. I, I,
I try to stick strictly to what I experienced and then
my own mus my own philosophy that I've had 45 years to develop. Uh,
I, I think that probably some people do have extremely unique,
uh, dreams that seems so real that, uh,
the actual physical event didn't happen. And I've,
I've tried to argue with people about how, um,
evil their intentions would be, you know, and I'm saying, uh, you know,
the decades that we've been having these sightings, if they,
with that sort of technology want to, uh, replace us on this planet,
we never know what hit us. No, I, I, I don't think that. And actually,
I think they're so advanced that if there's sightings, it's not an accident,
it's not like they slap their forehead. Ugh. Humans spotted me again.
I have to be more careful next time, you know? No, I,
I think they'd be perfectly capable of being undetected. We never have any,
I think these little glimpses are probably, uh,
a generalized,
a customization that we might need as a species, but maybe on the other hand,
there's some more individual interest.
And I used to be really skeptical. I'd hear stories.
People were describing them as having some particular interest in them.
And I think I'd tell 'em, you know,
that'd be like them walking by Anthi and saying, you know,
I think I'll have a conversation with that little aunt right there. Right. Uh,
uh, humans are a bunch of savages, but at the same time, I,
I believe they probably do have <affirmative> if you saw one,
when you were eight years old and you see one as an adult, uh,
they know it's you,
their ability to process data and retain it and store it is beyond anything we
can imagine. I think we're on the verge of that kind of, uh,
paradigm shift with, uh, something I would call the, uh,
computer brain interface.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> the minute we can do that kind of thing. Uh, it's uh,
kind of scary about the possibilities, but, uh,
I've been at conferences where people talk about these beings as being
predatory or evil. Uh,
one guy was trying to tell me that they capture people,
dissect 'em and dump their body. And I said, oh, okay.
Name one. And he goes, well, so and so, and I go, no, no,
not the guy who puts this out there.
Who's the victim who was found, cut to pieces. And then he,
I said, so name one. And he gives me another name.
It was still somebody who's promoting this theory. Uh, and he,
he just didn't get, I said, who's, what's the name of the victim? And he,
he couldn't come up with one. So I'm, I'm skeptical about that.
Well, anytime there's a fantastic subject,
whether it's UFOs or psychics or Bigfoot,
or yet you find these people that just wanna believe, you know, and it's,
uh, very disheartening. There's something about that. Like,
it's hard to separate truth from fantasy.
That's true with a lot of these folks and that's.
And I think there's a lot of fantasy and delusion going on. Yeah. And, uh,
I have encountered other people that I do have, uh, uh,
do believe had legitimate experiences and experiences, but, uh,
um,
I wouldn't consider them in the majority and that's an unpopular view.
But, uh, no, I, I share that view, you know,
I'm not completely skeptical, but I'm skeptical enough. I just,
I also know that it's in,
it's an aspect of human nature where people want to tell stories that
make them unique without actually having to have done anything special in their
life. They want to be special.
And some people tell stories that make them out to be very special because
they've been chosen to have this unique experience with an extraterrestrial you
haven't, they have, and it, it, it makes them,
it satisfies these delusions of grandeur that some yeah. And.
I, people personally try to downplay that aspect of it. I say,
I really favor the idea that this was an accident.
It was precipitated by my foolish move of getting too close.
I believe they probably just took me aboard in order to correct damage that, uh,
they were, uh, part of that, uh, uh,
was even unexpected for them.
So did you have physical damage that you could see?
Uh, no, but, uh,
one thing that leads me to think that all of the repairs they might have done
weren't complete was my initial, uh,
EEG brainwave scan.
And this was done at the same hospital where Muhammad Ali did his,
and it was very, uh, what do you call, uh,
regular what's the term? Um, um, double blind,
uh, Dr. Candel did not tell the technician what I was in there for mm-hmm
<affirmative>.
And so he wasn't looking for some particular thing would support or deny my
experience. So he just, uh, described an unusual pattern,
uh, in the brain that in another brain wave scan years later,
wasn't there anymore. So, uh, what.
Was this unusual pattern?
I'm trying to think of the exact wording.
It was a BI synchronous wave alternating from front
to back. Uh, I remember those words,
but I have, uh, the report for both from both EEGs.
So I've been, uh, interested in finding someone who might have, uh,
been hit by lightning or, uh, you know,
some electrician that raised up against a wire and had a,
a huge amount of energy come through the brain and,
and see if an AEG compares to this weird pattern that they're
describing there. But, uh, uh,
there's a lot of speculation opened and I of course have done trying to figure
out why, what, uh, happened there. And there's, uh, some amazing,
uh, things that, uh, sometimes, you know,
I try to stick to the stuff I can document stuff that, uh,
where I have other witnesses, um,
and that, you know, documentable that's, that's what I, uh, go for it. I,
I have this information concerning the EEG documents of it,
you know.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.